Who talks so arrogantly?
Dong Ying, you are back.
Why did he speak so presumptuously in my Dong family?
He is your eldest sister's son Chu Long
My eldest sister is the one who eloped with the wild man
The bitch who threw himself into the face of my Dong family
Don't talk nonsense
Your sister is still here
We're making peace. We're making peace.
What right does he have to talk to us about harmony?
Wu Ying, come here and I'll tell you
You said Shura was his friend
The Dragon Emperor is in his hands
Yes, even Young Master Yan remembers him
We can't beat him.
We have to make peace.
Dad?
You underestimate me too
What do you mean?
I have been abroad for several years
Slight means
Interacted with many politicians
The emperor also appreciates me very much
Decided to make me a minister
And give me Princess Susu
At that time
I'm not just handsome
Still dissatisfied?
Just a Shura
What if the Dragon King comes?
Really?
It's fake
I heard that Princess Susu came to Dragon City
I just got back.
That's great.
Look how I killed him
I heard that you and Shura are friends